[THE DEVIL BETWEEN US]
[Episode 5]
Who are you?
Don't move.
Narcotics Unit.
Come here.
Wang An.
Come.
We need to talk.
Take his bag off first.
Bag.
Trying to run?
Where can you go?
If we didn't have solid proof,
would we be here looking for you?
We waited until after class to talk
so you'd have some privacy.
Listen to me.
Making a mistake isn't terrible.
What's terrible is repeating it.
Am I being clear enough?
I don't know what you're talking about.
When did you start taking drugs?
What drugs?
Your sister
ate what you left at home
and was sent to the hospital.
Playing dumb, are you?
You're an adult.
Don't you know if it's drugs?
So, you wanna talk here,
or back at the station?
Take him away.
Let's go.
I don't know anything!
Listen,
when he gave it to me,
I didn't know it was drugs.
And I only took it twice.
You can't blame me for ignorance.
I swear, I knew nothing.
Really.
Who sold you the drugs?
My gear sucks. I can't win.
Speak up.
What are you doing?
Tang Sile.
Where are you going?
Excuse me!
Move!
Coming through!
Stop!
Out of the way!
Move!
Make way!
Out of the way!
Move!
Excuse me!
Get out of the way!
Watch out!
My balls!
Move!
Coming through!
Run?
Still running?
Qin!
Calm down.
Don't be impulsive.
Get down!
I'm telling you,
don't do anything rash.
Don't come up!
I'm telling you!
Calm down!
Get down now!
Get down!
Watch out.
Don't come up!
Qin, be careful!
What are you doing?
Trying to toss the drugs?
I'm telling you,
no matter where you dump the drugs,
we'll find them.
Qin!
Let me see.
Don't cover it.
Don't cover it!
Don't move!
Call an ambulance!
I called.
Qin!
It's okay.
Don't move.
Where is he?
Up there.
Youth Center rooftop. Hurry!
Call an ambulance! Now!
Hu Wenjing!
It's okay, Qin.
It's okay.
Here's what you do.
If the cops spot you,
eat all these pills
before they grab you.
No evidence, no crime.
Won't I die if I eat that many at once?
You won't die.
Raw materials are so expensive now.
How much could they even put in these?
Director Liu,
Qin Ke has been rushed
to Meizhou No. 2 Hospital.
The young drug dealer is dead.
Okay.
I'm hanging up now.
Got something to handle here.
Everyone, settle down!
Settle down!
Listen to me.
Listen to me!
Why did you arrest my child?
Yeah, what did our kids do?
Why are you holding them?
Let me explain.
We just asked the kids
to come in and help with some inquiries.
Once we clear things up,
those who are innocent
can leave anytime.
Officer,
can we at least
see our kids?
Yeah!
You police
have to follow the law too, don't you?
How are we not following the law?
Quiet!
You're all educated people.
What kind of place is this?
Is it appropriate to make a scene here?
Is it?
You keep saying they're kids,
but they're adults in their twenties.
With what happened
at the test prep center,
don't you want to get to the bottom of it?
All this noise won't help.
I've said it already.
We'll investigate as soon as possible.
Those involved won't get away
with anything.
And the innocent ones?
We won't keep them a second longer.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Don't crowd around here.
I'll go push things along.
Appreciate your cooperation.
Alright?
[Monitoring Query Room]
Tang Sile
tried to sell me some
brain-boosting candy.
He said his grades improved
just by eating this candy.
So I asked about the price.
Good lord.
One hundred for one piece of candy.
I can't even afford one
on my daily meal budget.
Of course I didn't buy any.
But I know a few guys
in our class are pretty close to him.
Which ones?
Could you provide their names?
That doesn't seem right.
Don't worry about that.
We will definitely keep it confidential.
No one will know
that you told us.
He kept telling everyone in class
that this thing
can improve academic grades.
He even
begged me
to arrange a few more quizzes for them.
He would memorize the answers beforehand.
That way,
it would look like
his grades were constantly improving.
So you helped a drug dealer scam people?
Some teacher you are.
I was blinded by greed for a moment
and fell for Tang Sile's trick.
Can you keep this secret for me?
Don't tell my family,
especially my daughter.
If she finds out,
how can I face anyone?
How can I be her father?
Last night was the second time.
Tang Sile and I
met at the entrance of Mix Club.
How many pieces did you buy this time?
He had five pieces in total.
I bought them all.
These five pieces you bought,
what did you do with them?
I ate one.
Three were at home.
And the left one
was the one you found on me.
Your sister accidentally ate two.
Where did the remaining one go?
I don't know.
I put them all in the pen holder.
I don't even know how my sister ate them.
Do you know where Tang Sile got his stock?
No.
He didn't tell me,
and I didn't ask.
Jin,
how's the interrogation going?
We'll let them go
after recording their statements.
Release the innocent kids immediately.
Having parents
blocking the door is troublesome.
Okay. Got it.
Hurry up.
I found something.
Come take a look.
Let's go.
When we caught Tang Sile today,
I thought he looked familiar.
So I checked
the surveillance footage again.
Look here.
This is the bar entrance.
That's him, right?
Let me zoom in for you.
Look, this was last night.
That's him too, right?
He was always hanging
around this bar entrance.
There's definitely
something wrong with this bar.
It's possible.
Wang An said
that after he traded
with Tang Sile yesterday,
he was out of stock.
But Tang Sile died of an overdose today.
Based on the wrappers at the scene,
he had at least a dozen units of drugs.
We also found
twenty units in his home.
This means after their deal yesterday,
Tang Sile definitely
went to his supplier to restock.
Right.
And another drug user named Liu Qiang
also comes to this bar often.
See, Liu Qiang is connected to this bar.
Tang Sile is connected to it too.
So I have reasonable suspicion
that there is a problem with this bar.
Give me a search warrant.
Without evidence,
you can't just raid a place.
Didn't the Public Security Brigade
catch someone in the bar
carrying date-rape drugs?
Yes.
We'll use that as grounds
to apply for a search warrant.
Is there a problem?
That could work.
But the Municipal Narcotics Unit
has too many cases
and not enough manpower.
It would be best if your unit sent people.
It's perfectly justifiable.
Director Dai.
What is it?
Well,
Tang Sile's mother
revealed important information.
She said she was overworked before,
and on a colleague's recommendation,
she took a drug for treating ADHD
smuggled from Korea.
Healthy people who take this drug
get very hyper.
She thought it worked great at first,
so she got Tang Sile to take it too.
Later, her mental state got worse
the more she took.
She felt something was wrong,
and it took a lot of effort to quit.
She didn't let Tang Sile
take it anymore either.
But she didn't know
that after stopping it,
Tang Sile actually started using drugs.
She knew even less about
him dealing to support his habit.
Did she say where she bought the drugs?
Yes.
Nuan'an Pharmacy.
The pharmacy sells banned drugs.
But Tang Sile's drugs
weren't necessarily bought there.
I think the problem lies with the bar.
Agreed.
The bar is suspicious.
Alright.
Hu Wenjing,
take Team One
to the bar.
Also search the bar owner
Yu Qing's private residence.
If anything goes wrong,
I'll take responsibility.
No problem.
Go.
Tan Jie,
take Team Two
and assist Jin Longzheng
to raid the pharmacy.
Hello.
Narcotics Unit.
Here's the search warrant.
What's this?
And this?
You're back.
How was your chat with your cop friends?
It was fine.
Just eating and drinking.
Nothing special.
Since when do you play video games?
I'm not playing.
I meet them
in this game and communicate
using code words.
Look.
This guy...
is called Quan.
I set up a meet with Quan
in four days.
I also booked a boat.
If he turns on me,
I'll kill him,
take his money,
and set sail immediately.
He must have made a lot recently.
Enough for us to live it up for a while.
We're leaving
in four days?
That soon?
I said "if."
But knowing Quan,
I'm 80% sure
I can convince him to work with me.
In that case,
we can stay in Nuanhai
for a while longer.
What if he
put all the money in the bank?
We are drug dealers.
Why would we put money in a bank?
I'm not ready to go abroad.
You don't have to go.
When you get caught,
I'll pray for you
at Wat Pho.
I fixed it for you.
I can't believe
you kept a cheap 200-yuan gadget
for so many years.
It's ugly.
Is it?
[Nuanfeng Hengke Electronics Co., Ltd.]
Cheng Ken.
Get in.
We've met before.
You probably forgot.
Really?
There are too many people at the factory.
I don't remember.
Our factory is huge.
Many families depend on it
for their livelihood.
Some work honestly.
And some are like us,
using certain methods.
Everyone uses their own skills.
So you need to understand,
we're not acting alone.
And what we're discussing
isn't just about one or two invoices.
That's exactly why I came to you.
I'm not here to cut off anyone's income.
I...
I just want...
To get a piece of the pie?
I don't know if Mr. Sun
told you about my situation.
My parents are gone. My wife too.
It's just me and my daughter now.
My daughter has uremia.
I need money to save her.
I make 3,800 a month.
It's not enough.
What's that got to do with me?
And why should I?
Just because you're
the factory accountant?
Wouldn't it be easier for me
to go straight to Mr. Sun?
Sure, that would work.
But the premise is...
no one reports you.
Are you blackmailing me?
Ever been to this river?
No.
Believe it or not,
I'll throw you in right now.
I believe you.
But when I got in your car just now,
the factory cameras
probably caught it.
If I drown,
you pay with your life.
If I half-drown, you pay cash.
You really are going for broke.
Fine.
I underestimated you.
12,000.
Is that enough?
I'll pay you 12,000 a month from now on.
I don't need
to teach you what to do, right?
No need.
I'm a pro.
Pleasure doing business with you.
Regarding this case,
[Nuan'an Pharmacy Illegal Prescription
Drug Sales Case Press Conference]
we mobilized our forces.
During the search,
we discovered
a large cache of illegal drugs hidden
inside the Nuan'an Pharmacy on Haiyi Road.
[Nuanfeng Narcotics]
Our bureau
immediately set up a task force
to carry out a full investigation.
We have since confirmed
that multiple licensed
physicians are implicated in this case,
illegally promoting
smuggled medications to patients.
Yang Xinyu, right?
We're with the County Narcotics Unit.
You're being summoned according to law.
Here is the summons.
Come with us.
Currently,
the owner of Nuan'an Pharmacy, Mr. Li,
[Nuan'an Pharmacy Illegal Prescription
Drug Sales Case Press Conference]
has been legally
taken into criminal custody.
We have both the confidence
and the resolve
to investigate this case
to the very end
and restore safety to this community.
None of the illegal meds from
that pharmacy
match what Liu Qiang and Tang Sile took.
The bar and Yu Qing's place
came up clean.
Nothing suspicious
at Wang Ping's house either.
Wenjing,
your intuition's rarely wrong.
Did you check
the surveillance near the bar?
Yes.
Well,
there's only one camera
at a nearby intersection.
It only shows Tang Sile
passing back and forth.
Nothing else at all.
Just one camera?
You know the camera coverage
in our county.
I have to say,
this guy is really something.
He had the guts to kill himself,
but not to face the law.
Now that he's dead, the lead is gone.
He probably
didn't even know
he was gonna die today.
Really?
Maybe.
Where are you going?
Out. To find leads.
Anyway,
it beats guessing blindly here.
He said you were guessing blindly.
Let him talk.
He can say whatever he wants.
He's being sarcastic.
I have to go to that rehab center.
Do you want me to go with you?
No need.
Ken.
Officer Jin,
what brings you here?
I arrested you the other day.
It was a misunderstanding.
So I came to apologize.
You must be joking.
You work for the government.
How can you apologize
to common folks like us?
Listen to you.
You still...
have a grudge against us.
Then I didn't come for nothing.
No grudge.
Really, no grudge at all.
You said it was a misunderstanding.
Let's just let it go.
Well, first time strangers,
second time acquaintances, right?
It's good.
I...
I've got stuff today.
Let's talk some other time.
I'll see you out.
What is it?
I...
I have to take
the kid out later.
I came just to see the kid.
The other day at the station,
you mentioned your family situation.
Your daughter is called...
Jiajia.
Right? I remember it.
These fruits are for Jiajia.
When I heard what you're going through,
it really moved me.
Really.
You've had it so tough.
I'm used to it.
It's fine.
Another time. You're busy too.
Let's just...
No, I'll just see the kid.
I'll leave right after seeing her.
Now's not
really a good time.
Why not?
Well,
I'll just see the kid and leave.
It's not that it's inconvenient at home.
It's just...
we have an appointment.
I'll go up and get her,
then take her to the hospital.
That's perfect.
I'm heading back to the station.
It's on the way.
You can give me a ride.
Your station is quite
far from the hospital.
It's not that far.
I'll walk from there.
Consider it exercise.
Look,
I took time off work and bought fruit.
You wouldn't mind
giving me a lift, would you?
No.
I wouldn't mind.
Tell you what.
I...
Fine.
I'll go up, get the kid,
and come right down.
Okay?
It's fine.
I'll go up with you.
I'll be right back down.
I want to see where you live,
so I can visit more often.
Alright.
Might as well.
Right?
Let me do it.
It's fine.
I got it.
Go ahead.
Jiajia!
Jiajia.
Come here.
Dad!
Hurry.
Change your shoes.
We're going to the hospital.
We're running late.
Dad, who is he?
This is Uncle Jin.
He's a police officer.
Say hello to Uncle Jin.
Hello, Uncle Jin.
Hello, Jiajia.
I'll go get the bag.
I'll get it.
Are you done changing?
Officer Jin,
just put the fruit on the coffee table.
Okay.
Let's go. Hurry.
We don't have much time.
I put it here.
Okay.
Thanks.
What about this?
I'll deal with it when I get back.
Thank you.
Let's go, Officer Jin.
Slow down, Jiajia.
Jiajia,
doesn't your dad work hard
taking care of you?
Dad gets up in the morning
to make me breakfast,
then he goes to work.
At night, he makes me dinner,
plays with me,
tells me stories,
puts me to sleep.
And he takes me to the hospital a lot.
Then your dad
doesn't have any time to rest at all?
If I wasn't sick,
Dad wouldn't have to work so hard.
It's okay, Jiajia.
You
will get better soon.
I don't know much about this.
Is the local hospital
capable of doing a kidney transplant?
Yes.
I'm seeing Director Song at the hospital.
He is an expert in this field,
an authority.
He said he's confident
about the surgery.
It's not that difficult.
I trust him.
What about the money?
The cost.
I know.
The surgery costs 200,000.
The medication after surgery
and nutritional supplements
cost 100,000 a year.
Jiajia,
do you know how much 200,000 is?
I know.
A bag of rice crackers is 10 yuan.
200,000 can buy 20,000 bags.
I couldn't finish them in a lifetime.
How are you so smart,
Jiajia?
How are you doing with raising the money?
Money?
For the surgery fee,
I've scraped it together now.
As long as there's a suitable kidney,
the operation
can be performed at any time.
Jiajia is currently
at the top of the hospital's
kidney waiting list.
We just have to wait.
Fortunately,
regarding her current condition,
Director Song says
it's okay.
She can hold on a bit longer.
It's just the money for the kidney.
I haven't raised enough.
Still short quite a bit.
I'm thinking of picking up
another night shift soon.
Every little bit helps.
Ken.
Let me give you a word of advice.
I know you're under a lot of pressure,
but never touch things
you shouldn't touch.
Your family relies
entirely on you right now.
If something happens to you,
who will take care of Jiajia?
Right?
Right.
I'll remember that.
Can we go play with Jiang later?
Sure.
I'll take you there when we're done.
Please wait outside.
Okay.
Jiajia, put your hand here.
How many times a week does she come?
Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays.
Three times.
You should get back to work.
Thanks for coming to see her.
Alright.
See you another time.
Take care.
No problem.
My silent, stern father,
how I cannot bear to see—
your disappointing son
has left your temples frosted
like snow.
The strength in your back I once knew,
now lives only in my memory.
Your eyes once held hope,
while I lost myself in my own youth.
Father,
tonight's starry sky
reflects the regret in my heart.
Please believe me.
I wish to repay you with action.
In your twilight years,
I will give you more company
and care.
Actually, when I recited this poem,
I was really thinking about my sister.
Our parents died when we were young.
My sister raised me all by herself.
She was both a father and a mother to me.
My sister never actually used drugs.
She just accidentally ate
what I left behind.
She didn't even need to be here.
But she came anyway,
to support me
and join me in every rehab session.
Ping,
I'm grateful for everything
you've done for me.
I promise you,
I will work hard to quit
and never relapse.
Don't worry.
I only took it by mistake this one time.
The dose was small.
I won't get addicted.
The doctor already told me
I only need to come once a week now.
Just check-ups,
to monitor my recovery.
How's Wang An?
He's doing okay too.
He was terrified when he first got here.
He thought it would be
some kind of hellhole.
But to his surprise,
the staff here have been nice to him.
He's calmed down a lot.
Here,
besides the treatment,
we have support groups,
attend classes,
and do some light work.
Overall, it's not bad.
So the treatment's going smoothly?
Pretty smoothly.
Wang An's condition
is relatively mild.
He isn't one of those people
inside who are
in desperate agony.
But the doctor told us,
after taking this drug,
the physical
dependence is not strong,
but the psychological dependence is huge.
Look, I only took it by mistake once,
right?
I feel like
I don't have any particular
physical discomfort.
But sometimes my mind keeps thinking about
that feeling I had back then.
That's because you took a small dose.
Otherwise, your body
wouldn't have been able to handle it.
[Nuanfeng County
Public Security Bureau Committee]
Officer Zhang.
Li Xiaoya?
You head back first.
Look who's here.
What, here to see Wenjing?
I was just passing by,
so I thought I'd drop in.
Is she in?
I think she went to the city.
She should be back soon.
Why don't you wait inside?
No need.
I'll just wait for her here.
You look sharp again.
Do I?
What are you busy with?
Nothing much.
Just routine work.
There was a student trafficking drugs,
right?
Yes.
I heard about it.
The pharmacy was investigated.
I used to buy meds there all the time.
It's so scary.
How could there be drug dealers?
Don't stress about it.
That pharmacy wasn't trafficking drugs.
They were just selling some smuggled,
unapproved meds.
We've already issued a public notice.
What meds?
I don't understand that.
But I just want to know,
did you catch the drug dealer?
For people like us in business,
social stability is everything.
One little ripple,
and it hits us hard.
You have to trust the police.
We'll clean up all this trash eventually.
I do trust you.
Why else would I
be this close with Wenjing?
Thank you, Officer Zhang.
You're so nice
for telling me all this.
Let's grab a meal sometime.
Sure.
No problem.
Why not today?
Let's do it.
Wait for me to get off work.
We'll find a place.
Today?
I'm really busy today.
I just wanted to drop by and see her.
She...
won't be back for a while, right?
I won't wait for her.
I'm leaving now.
Let's eat together another time.
Really.
Okay.
Another time then.
Looking sharp.
Bye.
Yeah, sharp.
Take it easy.
Slow down.
Easy.
Jiajia's here.
I've been waiting for you for days.
My dad bought me a new board game.
He can get out of bed now?
The doctor said
the lung infection is much better.
And...
he can eat now.
It's a good sign.
Good sign.
Did they find a specific drug?
No.
It's just the same meds as always.
Probably his immunity kicking in.
Her mom praying everywhere
probably helped too.
Sincerity works wonders.
Right?
This donor you found
actually matches your daughter's
white blood cell antibody
at six sites exactly.
That's incredibly rare.
It works.
He'll be discharged soon, right?
We have to listen to the doctor.
They said at this rate,
it should be soon.
That's good.
Perseverance prevails.
Right.
Jiajia is doing well, right?
Pretty good.
She's okay.
I didn't expect this.
It's a good thing.
Hi, Cheng Ken.
Hi.
It's good.
I'll walk around.
Jiajia,
Jiang missed you so much.
[Attending Doctors: Zhang Xue, Huo Binrui]
[Primary Nurses: Tan Minxin, Cui Keqing]
[Next Episode Preview]